Hello and welcome back to this sports training course.
This is Cuellar America and I'm super excited super pumped to have you inside this class.
We're going to have lots of exciting and interesting videos ahead and we're going to learn a lot together
and this quick video I wanted to give you a heads up heads up that in order to successfully complete
this class you will need a 4 forex demo trading account.
Now you will need a demo account to practice the things that we talk about.
Try them out on your own.
And in general solidify that knowledge that you will get from these tutorials.
Now you're welcome to open a demo account with absolutely any broker out there.
There's millions of them.
However we do have a recommended broker which we would like to make you aware of because we've been
working with them for quite some time now.
We are comfortable and confident to send our students there because we trust in the way that they conduct
business and our students love working with them.
So we will share the links I'll broker in the next tutorial.
Feel free to click the link and go and open a demo account with them.
That way they will know that you were before export and they will take good care of you.
And also that way you will have a demo account that will replicate the things that we do in the course
almost identically.
And that will allow you to feel much better.
So on that note make sure to open up a demo account very soon so that you can phone along with the rest
of the course.
And I look forward to seeing you throughout the tutorials.
Until then happy trading.